#Unit 1 Part B Task One
transform
goal
rewarding
measure
efficient
accomplish
monitor
unmotivated
enjoyable
#Unit 1 Part B Task Two
solo
excel
neural
spatial
visualize
score
standardize
#Unit 1 Part B Task Three
upset
engineering
engineer
regret
approval
secure
backup
boring
#Unit 1 Part C Clip One
shipwright
anxiety
destiny
bequeath
battered
out of tune
rusty
string
accomplice
conspirator
surreal
vast
extravagant
platinum
#Unit 1 Part C Clip Two
Fraulein
abbey
baroness
edelweiss
enchanting
outspoken
#Unit 2 Part B Task One
farewell
address
fragile
treasure
operation
nursery rhyme
twinkle
#Unit 2 Part B Task Two
sacrifice
rescue
ruin
stiff
collapse
compelling
survive
ultimate
weep
#Unit 2 Part B Task Three
chrysalis
microscope
instructive
instinct
#Unit 2 Part C Clip One
bubbly
poised
set off
pile out
SUV
sport utility vehicle
foundation
in the spotlight
urge
citizenship
faith
hateful
bully
stoop
motto
utter
#Unit 2 Part C Clip Two
influential
teen
self-motivated
sarcasm
snarky
#Unit 3 Part B Task One
originally
combination
upper
attempt
American Rhythm
hip
Cuban
#Unit 3 Part B Task Two
popularize
folk
peacock
troupe
imitate
totem
ensemble
deft
choreography
dub
anguish
#Unit 3 Part B Task Three
break down
fitness
favorable
affordable
pre-pay
#Unit 3 Part C Clip One
vocation
hyperactive
discipline
urge
#Unit 3 Part C Clip Two
Mayerling
full time
shock
White Lodge
#Unit 4 Part B Task One
Colorado
end up
sob
on the trail
pharmacy
pain reliever
collapse
emergency room
delirious
fever
Fahrenheit
couch
#Unit 4 Part B Task Two
mode
commercial
aviation
revolutionary
spring up
military
ridiculously
security lines
Congo
pat-down
#Unit 4 Part B Task Three
companion
pitfall
way beyond
budget
alternatively
rarely
recommend
solo travel
hostel
#Unit 4 Part C Clip One
Stratford-upon-Avon
Warwick Castle
incredible
well-preserved
stateroom
knight
armor
medieval
renowned
playwright
spire
prestigious
spectacular
prestige
#Unit 4 Part C Clip Two
Mount Schilthorn
Chateau de Chillon
Mount Pilatus
Blausee
capture
turquoise-green
magnificent
snowcapped
crisp
paragliding
fondue
#Unit 5 Part B Task One
self-esteem
gender
engagement
pretend
superhero
evident
girly girl
stereotype
non-feminine
#Unit 5 Part B Task Two
live-action
masterpiece
debut
upcoming
epic
casting
heroine
mentor
emperor
lock down
martial artist
#Unit 5 Part B Task Three
hang out
ancestor
#Unit 5 Part C Clip One
brainstorm
distributor
capitalize
brand-new
incorporate
dub
track
fella
orchestra
synchronize
corresponding
pioneer
herald
#Unit 5 Part C Clip Two
corporation
formula
profitable
legendary
twist
realm
noticeable
#Unit 6 Part B Task One
kick off
universal
accent
journalist
diehard
jet lag
coach
update
pitch
launch pad
outstanding
#Unit 6 Part B Task Two
cyclocross
tyre
speed
incredible
display
brake
overtake
unethical
#Unit 6 Part B Task Three
preparatory
juvenile correction facility
crime
home game
announce
court
cheerleader
assign
#Unit 6 Part C Clip One
crucial
concept
automatically
teachable
strengthen
ultimate
yell
hob
#Unit 6 Part C Clip Two
meet
injured
rival
quarter
competitor
strain
pop
glance
#Unit 7 Part B Task One
Florentine
portrait
facial
enigmatic
Louvre
smock
#Unit 7 Part B Task Two
miller
academic
apprenticeship
Protestant Reformation
commission
Catholic
native
#Unit 7 Part B Task Three
Christie's
genius
undoubtedly
inspire
auction
#Unit 7 Part C Clip One
protestant
minister
conform
upbringing
depressive
manic
argumentative
despair
withdraw
coherent
fraternity
patronage
somber
momentous
Arles
utopia
#Unit 7 Part C Clip Two
cypress
repose
lunatic asylum
rebellious
contemporary
succumb
flee
stressed-out
urbanite
frenzied
longing
spontaneous
insanity
rash
nightscape
astronomy
amateur
spiral
nebula
Venus
#Unit 8 Part B Task One
selfie
post
editing software
narcissism
superficial
vanity
#Unit 8 Part B Task Two
legal
disconnect
take effect
guarantee
automatically
digital device
out-of-hours
in favor of
clarify
switch off
trend
overtime
commitment
#Unit 8 Part B Task Three
addiction
miss out
physical
mental
sweaty
palm
app
timer
interaction
#Unit 8 Part C Clip One
spine
angle
equivalent
prevalence
myopia
burst
dopamine
novelty
compulsion loop
nicotine
cocaine
nomophobia
hard-wired
#Unit 8 Part C Clip Two
gadget
outsource
clarity
overwhelm
metaphorically