#Unit 1 Part B Task One
super
overwhelm
emotion
stuff
coupon
transportation
#Unit 1 Part B Task Two
bachelor
UVA
The University of Virginia
chase
diploma
make a difference
#Unit 1 Part B Task Three
exchange
undergraduate
generally
typical
fit in with
#Unit 1 Part C Clip One
trash
forgetful
get out of
#Unit 1 Part C Clip Two
attention
go over
consequence
defend
exit
#Unit 2 Part B Task One
audition
reality TV show
stun
instant celebrity
#Unit 2 Part B Task Two
high-voltage wire
hide-and-seek
urge
pursue
navigate
persist
talent
#Unit 2 Part B Task Three
neighborhood
annually
definitely
melody
fascinating
food stand
#Unit 2 Part C Clip One
amateur
buck
guarantee
engagement
backup
ups and downs
#Unit 2 Part C Clip Two
babysitter
blow
freezing
privilege
#Unit 3 Part B Task One
skinny
adopt
catwalk
Body Mass Index
BMI
World Health Organization
WHO
underweight
pioneer
Israel
#Unit 3 Part B Task Two
welly
wellington
wellington boot
fashion-forward
fashionista
spot
fad
copycat
#Unit 3 Part B Task Three
reasonable
sleeve
bargain
medium
inexpensive
factory outlet
#Unit 3 Part C Clip One
suitcase
confession
outfit
obsessed
blog
flea market
thrift store
wardrobe
treasure hunt
undies
#Unit 3 Part C Clip Two
phenomenal
physiologically
overrated
sequin
#Unit 4 Part B Task One
emerge
popping
locking
breaking
crew
battle
collaboration
technique
barrier
routine
#Unit 4 Part B Task Two
ballerina
unique
fluid
smooth
sharp
accented
complement
#Unit 4 Part B Task Three
fantastic
workout
disciplined
sacrifice
grab
slice
paparazzi
#Unit 4 Part C Clip One
virginal
trap
desire
spell
lustful
devastate
leap
visceral
#Unit 4 Part C Clip Two
potential
flawless
impressive
résumé
measurements
mimic
schooling
lottery ticket
#Unit 5 Part B Task One
athlete
compete
variety
originally
religious
prohibit
#Unit 5 Part B Task Two
revenue
generate
viewership
estimate
attendance
#Unit 5 Part B Task Three
surf
tow
speedboat
wake
launch
complicated
spin
#Unit 5 Part C Clip One
supportive
restore
dignity
address
intellectual
disability
nutrition
screening
vocally
stand
take ... for granted
#Unit 5 Part C Clip Two
flipping
go pear-shaped
rev up
Puff Daddy
literally
expand
burst
#Unit 6 Part B Task One
entrepreneurial
booming
thriving
discrimination
moral
virtue
flexibility
#Unit 6 Part B Task Two
flesh-and-blood
interaction
electronic
hermit
make-believe
cyber
tricky
#Unit 6 Part B Task Three
conference
disabled
vibration
image
program
identify
#Unit 6 Part C Clip One
sign up
profile
visible
destination
#Unit 6 Part C Clip Two
embody
paradox
reminder
heady
virtual
unplug
plugged in
odd
disturbing
#Unit 7 Part B Task One
piracy
hit
peer-to-peer
illegal
survey
download
anti-piracy
bill
unlawful
invest
block
fine
#Unit 7 Part B Task Two
institute
academy
comparable
conservatory
initial
enrollment
outgrow
merchant
bequest
trustee
merge
branch campus
#Unit 7 Part B Task Three
stage fright
Broadway
musical
fall to pieces
lyrics
high note
crack
embed
#Unit 7 Part C Clip One
apologize
New York Philharmonic Orchestra
rhapsody
feature
call out to
#Unit 7 Part C Clip Two
reckon
for the world
quit
escape
learn the hard way
faith
#Unit 8 Part B Task One
Spanish
princess
maid of honor
kneel
dwarf
#Unit 8 Part B Task Two
strive
audit
composer
inspire
convey
motivate
#Unit 8 Part B Task Three
junk
abstract
realistic
depict
non-objective
pretentious
#Unit 8 Part C Clip One
illusion
grab
character
speech mark
spiky
#Unit 8 Part C Clip Two
combination
flourish
whimsical
surreal
caterpillar
imprint
synthesis